
1) Explain REST and RESTful
REST represents Representional State Transfer , it is relatively new aspect of writing web services .
RESTful is referred for web services written by applying REST architectural concept.These webservices uses HTTP methods to implement
the concept of REST architecture .

2) Explain the architectural style for the creation of a web API (client server communication, formatting language, etc.) 

The architectural style to create a web api : 
 *HTTP for client/server communication .
 *XML/JSON as formatting language .
 *Simple URI as the adress for the services.
 *Stateless communication .

3) Explain HTTP requests types when used with RESTful web (GET, PUT, POST, etc.) 
 There are  HTTP requests that are idempotent which are GET , PUT and DELETE .This means that they are safe for multiple calls . 
 POST is neither safe nor idempotent .Making two identical POST requests will most-likely result in two resources containing 
 the same information.
  GET : read-only 
  POST,PUT,DELETE : write to the server

4) Explain the difference between stateless and stateful protocol. Which type of protocol is HTTP ?

* Stateless Protocol does not require the server to retain session information or status about each communicating partner for the duration
of multiple requests .
* Stateful : a protocol that requires keeping of the internal state on the server .
* HTTP is a stateless protocol each request message can be understood in isolation . 

5) Explain the difference between a GET and a POST (like how are sent the parameters)

                               GET    vs     POST 
                Parameter in URL      |   Parameter in the body 
                used for fetching data|   used for updating data
                maximum url length    |   no max length 
         Should not change the server |   ok to change the server 
                                      |
                                      |

6) You can’t work out how to solve a coding problem. What do you do to find the answer?
If I have trouble solving a coding problem. First, I would ask my colleagues to help, which will mostly solve the problem. 
If we could not I will contact the community on the Internet, for example Stackoverflow.






